[MM-53955] Add Calls connectivity troubleshooting section (#6577)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/calls-deployment.rst

Before you can start recording calls, you need to configure the ``calls-offloader`` job service. You can read about how to do that `here <https://github.com/mattermost/calls-offloader/blob/master/docs/getting_started.md>`__. Performance and scalability recommendations related to this service can be found in `here <https://github.com/mattermost/calls-offloader/blob/master/docs/performance.md>`__.

.. note::
  If deploying the service in a Kubernetes cluster, refer to the later section on `Helm charts <#helm-charts>`__.

> Once the ``calls-offloader`` service is running, recordings should be explicitly enabled through the `Enable call recordings <plugins-configuration-settings.html#enable-call-recordings-beta>`__ config setting and the service's URL should be configured using `Job service URL <plugins-configuration-settings.html#job-service-url>`__.

Reviewer: Add ``/configure/`` to these relative links too

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

When possible, it's recommended to keep communication between the Mattermost cluster and the dedicated ``rtcd`` service under the same private network as this can greatly simplify deployment and security. There's no requirement to expose ``rtcd``'s HTTP API to the public internet.

Troubleshooting
---------------

Connectivity issues
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> If calls are failing to connect or timing out, it's likely the `RTC Server Port <plugins-configuration-settings.html#rtc-server-port-udp>`__ is not open or forwarded correctly. An easy way to check whether data can go through is to perform some tests using the ``netcat`` command line tool.

Reviewer: Relative links need to include the parent directory in the path. For example: ``/configure/plugins-configuration-settings.html#rtc-server-port-udp`` to work.

Author: Interesting, I have been using this sort of links before (e.g. [here](https://github.com/mattermost/docs/blob/9a4734903daa9c5e3c61c44af32c95ad66d69895/source/configure/calls-deployment.rst?plain=1#L69)) and they are working fine as far as I can see. The reason I prefer this form vs the absolute path (`/configure/`) is that the latter breaks in the preview environment.

Reviewer: If you've managed to get them working in RST files, I'm all for it (especially since the generated previews won't work).

Reviewer: ah! These are same-page links, correct? As opposed to taking the user to a different page altogether?

Author: Actually most of them link to a different page but the resolution should work fine, as long as the relative path is correct. On the official docs it shouldn't matter which form we use unless we were to change directory names and such.

On the host running Calls (could be the Mattermost instance itself or the one running ``rtcd`` depending on the chosen setup), run the following:

.. code-block:: bash

   nc -l -u -p 8443

> On the client side (i.e. the host where you'd normally access Mattermost from), run the following:

Reviewer 2: This wording is a little confusing, using `host` to refer to the client machine. Maybe:
```suggestion
On the client side (i.e., the machine you would normally use to run the Mattermost desktop app or browser), run the following:
```

.. code-block:: bash

   nc -v -u HOST_IP 8443

If connection succeeds, you should be able to send and receive text messages by typing and hitting enter on either side.

.. note::
   ``HOST_IP`` should generally be the public (client facing) IP of the Mattermost
   (or ``rtcd``) instance hosting the calls. When set, it should be the value of the |ice_host_override_link|
   config setting.

>    ``8443`` should be changed with the port configured in `RTC Server Port <plugins-configuration-settings.html#rtc-server-port-udp>`__.

Reviewer: add ``/configure/`` to this relative path too
